site/src/content/projects/encinitas-coastal-home-exterior.md, before:

---
title: "Encinitas Coastal Home Exterior Refresh"
slug: "encinitas-coastal-home-exterior"
projectDate: 2023-09-28
clientName: "Homeowner in Encinitas"
location: "Encinitas, CA"
shortDescription: "A stunning transformation of a coastal home's exterior, combating salt air and sun exposure with durable, vibrant paints."
challenge: "This beautiful Encinitas home, situated close to the coast, suffered from significant wear and tear due to constant exposure to salt air, harsh sunlight, and occasional humidity. The existing paint was faded, peeling in several areas, and the stucco showed hairline cracks. The homeowners desired a fresh, modern look that would not only enhance curb appeal but also provide long-lasting protection against the challenging coastal environment. They were also concerned about finding a contractor who truly understood the specific needs of coastal properties."
solution: "Joe the Painter conducted a thorough assessment, identifying all areas of concern. The project began with meticulous preparation, including extensive power washing to remove salt residue and loose paint, followed by expert repair of all stucco cracks and minor wood trim damage. Only premium, high-performance exterior paints known for their durability, UV resistance, and mildew-inhibiting properties were selected. Joe personally oversaw the careful application of multiple coats, ensuring superior coverage, crisp lines, and a flawless finish that would withstand the coastal elements for years to come. Clear communication with the homeowners was maintained throughout, from color selection to final walkthrough."
result: "The home was completely revitalized, boasting a vibrant, fresh exterior that significantly enhanced its curb appeal and property value. The new paint system provides robust protection against the harsh coastal climate, giving the homeowners peace of mind. The meticulous prep work ensured a smooth, lasting finish, and the homeowners were thrilled with the professionalism, communication, and exceptional craftsmanship delivered by Joe the Painter. The project was completed on schedule and within budget, exceeding expectations."
servicesPerformed: ["exterior-painting", "handy-services"]
beforeImages:
  - src: "/images/projects/encinitas-exterior-before-1.webp"
    alt: "Faded and peeling exterior of an Encinitas coastal home before painting"
  - src: "/images/projects/encinitas-exterior-before-2.webp"
    alt: "Close-up of cracked stucco and worn paint on a coastal home"
afterImages:
  - src: "/images/projects/encinitas-exterior-after-1.webp"
    alt: "Beautifully repainted exterior of an Encinitas coastal home with vibrant new color"
  - src: "/images/projects/encinitas-exterior-after-2.webp"
    alt: "Crisp lines and smooth finish on the freshly painted stucco of a coastal home"
  - src: "/images/projects/encinitas-exterior-after-3.webp"
    alt: "Side view of the revitalized Encinitas home exterior, showcasing new paint"
featuredImage:
  src: "/images/projects/encinitas-exterior-featured.webp"
  alt: "Stunning freshly painted exterior of an Encinitas coastal home"
  caption: "A vibrant new look and lasting protection for this Encinitas gem."
testimonial: "Joe transformed our coastal home! The attention to detail, especially with the stucco repairs, was incredible. The new paint not only looks amazing but feels so much more durable against the ocean air. Highly recommend!"
relatedServices: ["exterior-painting", "handy-services"]
seo:
  title: "Encinitas Coastal Home Exterior Painting Project | Joe the Painter"
  description: "See how Joe the Painter revitalized an Encinitas coastal home with durable exterior painting and stucco repair, protecting it from the elements and boosting curb appeal."
published: true
---

Commit message:

Build: Blog Search & Category Filtering
Files:
- BlogSearch.astro
- BlogCategoryFilter.astro
- index.astro
- BlogPostCard.astro
- [...slug].astro
- SocialShareButtons.astro
- config.ts
- first-post.md
- maintaining-exterior-paint.md
- diy-vs-professional-painting.md
- pressure-washing-benefits.md
- env.d.ts
- blog-filters.ts
- example-project-1.md
- encinitas-coastal-home-exterior.md
- client-testimonial-1.md
- client-testimonial-2.md
- client-testimonial-3.md
- client-testimonial-4.md

site/src/content/projects/encinitas-coastal-home-exterior.md, after:

---
id: "encinitas-coastal-home-exterior"
title: "Encinitas Coastal Home Exterior Refresh"
slug: "encinitas-coastal-home-exterior"
projectDate: 2023-09-20
clientName: "Homeowner in Encinitas"
location: "Encinitas, CA"
shortDescription: "Complete exterior painting of a coastal home, including stucco repair and wood trim restoration, enhancing curb appeal and protection."
challenge: "The client's beautiful Encinitas home was showing significant wear on its exterior paint due to sun exposure and salt air. There were also several areas of minor stucco cracking and faded wood trim that needed attention before painting."
solution: "Joe meticulously prepared the entire exterior, starting with power washing and comprehensive stucco crack repair. All wood trim was scraped, sanded, and primed. We then applied two coats of premium, weather-resistant exterior paint, carefully selected to complement the home's architecture and withstand the coastal environment."
result: "The home's exterior was completely revitalized, with a vibrant, durable finish that significantly boosted its curb appeal. The repairs were seamless, and the new paint provided enhanced protection against future weather damage. The homeowner was delighted with the transformation and the lasting quality."
servicesPerformed: ["Exterior Painting", "Stucco Repair", "Wood Trim Painting"]
beforeImages: [
  { src: "/images/projects/encinitas-before-1.webp", alt: "Faded exterior of a coastal home before painting" }
]
afterImages: [
  { src: "/images/projects/encinitas-after-1.webp", alt: "Freshly painted exterior of a coastal home in Encinitas" },
  { src: "/images/projects/encinitas-after-2.webp", alt: "Close-up of newly painted stucco and trim" }
]
featuredImage:
  src: "/images/projects/encinitas-featured.webp"
  alt: "Refreshed exterior of a modern coastal home"
testimonial: "Joe's team did an amazing job on our exterior! The house looks brand new, and the attention to detail, especially on the stucco repairs, was outstanding. Truly professional work."
relatedServices: ["exterior-painting", "handy-services"]
seo:
  title: "Encinitas Coastal Home Exterior Painting | Joe the Painter Portfolio"
  description: "View Joe the Painter's exterior painting and stucco repair project for a stunning coastal home in Encinitas. Durable, beautiful results."
published: true
---
---
