site/src/content/projects/example-project-1.md, before:

---
id: "example-project-1"
title: "Carlsbad Coastal Condo Refresh"
slug: "carlsbad-coastal-condo-refresh"
projectDate: 2023-11-15
clientName: "Homeowner in Carlsbad"
location: "Carlsbad, CA"
shortDescription: "A complete interior painting and minor repair project for a coastal condo, bringing a fresh, modern feel."
challenge: "The client's condo, located near the coast, suffered from faded, outdated interior paint and minor drywall damage due to humidity. They desired a bright, modern aesthetic that would stand up to the coastal environment."
solution: "Joe the Painter provided a comprehensive solution, starting with meticulous drywall repair and patching. We then applied premium, low-VOC interior paints with cool, neutral tones to reflect the coastal light and create a spacious feel. Special attention was given to trim and ceiling lines for a flawless finish."
result: "The condo was completely transformed, boasting a fresh, contemporary look that brightened the living spaces and felt perfectly suited to its coastal location. The client was thrilled with the seamless finish and Joe's attention to detail, remarking on the professionalism and clean execution."
servicesPerformed: ["Interior Painting", "Drywall Repair"]
afterImages: [
  { src: "/images/projects/carlsbad-after-1.webp", alt: "Freshly painted living room in a Carlsbad condo" },
  { src: "/images/projects/carlsbad-after-2.webp", alt: "Detailed view of a painted wall corner in a modern condo" }
]
featuredImage:
  src: "/images/projects/carlsbad-featured.webp"
  alt: "Modern coastal condo living room with new paint"
testimonial: "Joe's work was exceptional! Our condo feels brand new. He was professional, tidy, and the paint job is absolutely perfect. Highly recommend!"
relatedServices: ["interior-painting", "handy-services"]
seo:
  title: "Carlsbad Coastal Condo Painting Project | Joe the Painter Portfolio"
  description: "See Joe the Painter's stunning interior painting and drywall repair for a Carlsbad coastal condo. Flawless finish, modern aesthetic."
published: true
---
---

Commit message:

Build: Final SEO Review & Schema Enhancements
Files:
- config.ts
- painting.md
- handy.md
- example-project-1.md
- client-testimonial-1.md
- first-post.md
- general.json
- painting.json
- handyman.json
- seo.ts
- BaseLayout.astro
- index.astro
- about.astro
- painting.astro
- handy.astro
- our-work.astro
- contact.astro
- testimonials.astro
- faq.astro
- [...slug].astro
- index.astro
- SocialShareButtons.astro
- BlogPostCard.astro
- ProjectCard.astro
- TestimonialCard.astro
- Hero.astro
- AboutJoeSection.astro
- ServiceCardsGrid.astro
- TestimonialCarousel.astro
- CtaBlock.astro
- Header.astro
- Footer.astro
- Button.astro
- Input.astro
- Label.astro
- ConsultationForm.astro
- Textarea.astro
- logo.svg
- hero-home.webp
- joe-action-shot.webp
- joe-profile.jpg
- social-share-default.jpg
- social-share-portfolio.jpg
- social-share-contact.jpg
- social-share-testimonials.jpg
- social-share-faq.jpg
- social-share-blog.jpg
- color-palette.webp
- consultation.webp
- prep.webp
- painting.webp
- cleanup.webp
- handy-needs.webp
- handy-assess.webp
- handy-execution.webp
- handy-check.webp
- interior-painting-hero.webp
- interior-painting-gallery-1.webp
- interior-painting-gallery-2.webp
- interior-painting-gallery-3.webp
- handy-services-hero.webp
- handy-gallery-1.webp
- handy-gallery-2.webp
- handy-gallery-3.webp
- carlsbad-after-1.webp
- carlsbad-after-2.webp
- carlsbad-before-1.webp
- carlsbad-before-2.webp
- env.d.ts
- Select.astro
- global.css
- tokens.css
- Lora-Bold.woff2
- Lora-SemiBold.woff2
- Lora-Medium.woff2
- Lora-Regular.woff2
- Inter-Regular.woff2
- Inter-Medium.woff2
- Inter-SemiBold.woff2
- Inter-Bold.woff2
- favicon.svg
- robots.txt
- social-share-default.jpg
- joe-profile.jpg
- logo.svg
- social-share-portfolio.jpg
- social-share-contact.jpg
- social-share-testimonials.jpg
- social-share-faq.jpg
- social-share-blog.jpg

site/src/content/projects/example-project-1.md, after:

---
title: "Carlsbad Coastal Condo Refresh"
slug: "carlsbad-coastal-condo-refresh"
projectDate: 2024-01-20
clientName: "Homeowner in Carlsbad"
location: "Carlsbad, CA"
shortDescription: "A complete interior paint refresh and minor drywall repairs for a stunning coastal condo."
challenge: "The client's Carlsbad condo, while having an incredible ocean view, suffered from outdated paint colors and several areas of wear and tear on the drywall, particularly near windows due to moisture. They needed a fresh, modern aesthetic that would brighten the space and complement the coastal environment, all while ensuring the repairs were durable."
solution: "Joe provided a comprehensive solution, starting with meticulous preparation. This involved expertly patching and sanding all drywall imperfections, sealing areas prone to moisture, and priming. For the paint, a premium, low-VOC, light coastal blue was selected for the main living areas, paired with a crisp white for trim. Joe personally applied two coats, ensuring a flawless, streak-free finish that enhanced the natural light and relaxed vibe of the condo."
result: "The condo was transformed into a bright, airy, and modern sanctuary. The new paint colors made the space feel larger and more inviting, perfectly framing the ocean views. The drywall repairs were seamless, eliminating previous eyesores and adding to the property's overall value and appeal. The client was thrilled with the meticulous finish and Joe's personal attention to every detail, noting how effortless the entire process was."
servicesPerformed: ["interior-painting", "drywall-repair"]
beforeImages: [
  { src: "/images/projects/carlsbad-before-1.webp", alt: "Before photo of a living room with faded beige walls" },
  { src: "/images/projects/carlsbad-before-2.webp", alt: "Close-up of chipped paint and small drywall crack" }
]
afterImages: [
  { src: "/images/projects/carlsbad-after-1.webp", alt: "After photo of a living room with fresh light blue walls and new white trim" },
  { src: "/images/projects/carlsbad-after-2.webp", alt: "Close-up of perfectly smooth, newly painted wall" }
]
featuredImage: {
  src: "/images/projects/carlsbad-after-1.webp",
  alt: "Beautifully painted modern living room in a Carlsbad condo",
  caption: "A fresh, coastal-inspired interior for a Carlsbad condo."
}
testimonial: "Joe's work is simply outstanding! Our condo looks brand new. The attention to detail, especially with the drywall, was incredible. He made the whole process so easy and the results speak for themselves. Highly recommend!"
relatedServices: ["interior-painting"]
seo: {
  title: "Carlsbad Coastal Condo Painting & Repair | Joe the Painter Portfolio",
  description: "See the stunning interior transformation of a Carlsbad condo with expert painting and drywall repair by Joe the Painter. Flawless finish, enhanced coastal living.",
  keywords: ["carlsbad painting", "condo painting", "drywall repair carlsbad", "interior painting san diego"]
}
published: true
---
